=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

MarpaX::RFC::RFC3629 - Marpa parsing of UTF-8 byte sequences as per RFC3629

=head1 VERSION

version 0.001

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use strict;
    use warnings FATAL => 'all';
    use MarpaX::RFC::RFC3629;
    use Encode qw/encode/;
    use Data::HexDump;
    #
    # Parse octets
    #
    my $orig = "\x{0041}\x{2262}\x{0391}\x{002E}";
    my $octets = encode('UTF-8', $orig, Encode::FB_CROAK);
    my $string = MarpaX::RFC::RFC3629->new($octets)->output;
    print STDERR "Octets:\n" . HexDump($octets) . "\n";
    print STDERR "String:\n" . HexDump($string) . "\n";

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module is parsing byte sequences as per RFC3629. It will croak if parsing fails.

=head1 SUBROUTINES/METHODS

=head2 new(ClassName $class: Bytes $octets --> InstanceOf['MarpaX::RFC::RFC3629'])

Instantiate a new object. Takes as parameter the octets.

=head2 output(InstanceOf['MarpaX::RFC::RFC3629'] $self --> Str)

Returns the UTF-8 string (utf8 flag might be on, depends).

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Syntax of UTF-8 Byte Sequences|https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3629#section-4>

L<Marpa::R2>

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=MarpaX-RFC-RFC3629>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/jddurand/marpax-rfc-rfc3629>

  git clone git://github.com/jddurand/marpax-rfc-rfc3629.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Jean-Damien Durand <jeandamiendurand@free.fr>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2015 by Jean-Damien Durand.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
